README.md, before:

# Social Agent Codex

This repository hosts the automation agent for posting via Playwright and Chrome.

## Requirements
- Python **3.11.***
- Playwright **1.49.0** (installed via the provided Make target)

## Setup & usage
1. Install dependencies and browsers:
   ```bash
   make deps
   ```
2. (Optional) Stop any lingering Chrome/Chromium sessions that point at your Playwright profile:
   ```bash
   make kill
   ```
3. Export your X credentials before launching the agent **or** place them in a `.env` file in the project root:
   ```bash
   export X_USERNAME="your_handle"
   export X_PASSWORD="your_password"
   export X_ALT_ID="email_or_phone_optional"  # optional; falls back to X_EMAIL then X_USERNAME
   ```
   `X_ALT_ID` is used when X asks for an additional identity prompt. If it is unset, the helper will fall back to `X_EMAIL` and finally `X_USERNAME`. When using a `.env` file, be sure to set `X_USERNAME` and `X_PASSWORD`; the automation will raise a helpful error if either is missing.
4. Validate the login flow independently (headful) with:
   ```bash
   make x-login-test
   ```
5. Start the agent only when you are ready to post:
   ```bash
   RUN=1 make start
   ```
   You can also launch directly with the script:
   ```bash
   RUN=1 bash ./run.sh
   ```

## Sanity check
Set `SOCIAL_AGENT_MOCK_LOGIN=1` to run the bot in a mocked mode that exercises the startup flow without a real browser session. This prints the "Logged in & ready" banner once the initialization succeeds and is useful when credentials are unavailable.

Commit message:

Add one-command installer and auto-reply engine

README.md, after:

# Social Agent Codex

This repository hosts the automation agent for posting via Playwright and Chrome.

## Requirements
- Python **3.11.***
- Playwright **1.49.0** (installed via the provided Make target)

## Setup & usage
For an end-to-end automated setup (clone → virtualenv → dependencies → browser download → launch), run **one command**:

```bash
bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/social-agent-codex/social_agent_codex/main/scripts/one_command_bootstrap.sh)"
```

The installer will:
- Create `~/social_agent_codex` (override via `SOCIAL_AGENT_HOME`).
- Set up a virtual environment, install Python dependencies, and download Playwright Chromium.
- Create a persistent launcher at `~/.local/bin/run-bot` and start the bot headfully using a reusable session profile.
- Re-run anytime to refresh the checkout without merge conflicts.

Once installed you can simply run:

```bash
run-bot
```

---

1. Install dependencies and browsers:
   ```bash
   make deps
   ```
2. (Optional) Stop any lingering Chrome/Chromium sessions that point at your Playwright profile:
   ```bash
   make kill
   ```
3. Export your X credentials before launching the agent **or** place them in a `.env` file in the project root:
   ```bash
   export X_USERNAME="your_handle"
   export X_PASSWORD="your_password"
   export X_ALT_ID="email_or_phone_optional"  # optional; falls back to X_EMAIL then X_USERNAME
   ```
   `X_ALT_ID` is used when X asks for an additional identity prompt. If it is unset, the helper will fall back to `X_EMAIL` and finally `X_USERNAME`. When using a `.env` file, be sure to set `X_USERNAME` and `X_PASSWORD`; the automation will raise a helpful error if either is missing.
4. Validate the login flow independently (headful) with:
   ```bash
   make x-login-test
   ```
5. Start the agent only when you are ready to post:
   ```bash
   RUN=1 make start
   ```
   You can also launch directly with the script:
   ```bash
   RUN=1 bash ./run.sh
   ```

## Sanity check
Set `SOCIAL_AGENT_MOCK_LOGIN=1` to run the bot in a mocked mode that exercises the startup flow without a real browser session. This prints the "Logged in & ready" banner once the initialization succeeds and is useful when credentials are unavailable.
